Human Locomotion, Trade, Communication & Discovery

Index: 
Introduction 
What is Blockchain 
	How does it work, why is it important 
What is Bitcoin 
	How does it work, why is it important
	Silk Road and the misconception 
What is Ethereum
	How does it work, why is it important, high level use cases
Repeat same format for each currency with highest cap…. 


Introduction: 

10,000 BC Human being’s movement demands consisted of locomotion, the manipulation of tools and natural objects (rocks, tree limbs, etc.), and defense giving rise to the agricultural revolution. 

17th century Enlightenment advocated reason as a means to establishing an authoritative system of aesthetics, ethics, government, science, and even religion, which would allow human beings to obtain objective truth about the whole of reality. It helped create the intellectual framework not only for the American Revolutionary War and liberalism, democracy and capitalism but also the French Revolution, racism, nationalism, secularism, fascism, and communism.

19th century The Industrial revolution provided great growth for economies which increased complexities in transportation, transactions and record keeping. This led to coal powered railroad systems, steamships and computers from pioneers such as IBM. 

1990’s The internet, which started as ARPANET in 1960, seeded the development of the modern day internet and world wide web. The Internet is a global system of interconnected computer networks that communicate using protocols like TCP/IP and HTTP. It has no central governance in either technological implementation or policies for access or usage enabling networks to set their own policies. 

2001 The rise of computers and the internet drew in many investors that invested heavily in web-based companies. Although there were great gains, it ended with many investors losing because only a few e-companies were profitable. Companies like E-bay, Amazon, IBM, Intel, Google and Microsoft  began their journey on market dominance.

2008 The financial crash occurs causing a meltdown in the housing and stock market due to the constant buying and selling of faulty loans. Home buyers were approved for loans that they did not qualify for and could not pay back resulting in loan defaults. Banks and the federal reserve were heavily blamed for this catastrophe because what was going on under the hood made the …… 

What is Blockchain: 

2009 In result to the crash, an anonymous person or persons with the alias Satoshi Nakamoto launched a new technology that solved the double spend problem and simultaneously created a new avenue for telecommunication, privacy and security. Blockchain is the evolution of the internet. It is the Internet 2.0 and is powering the new generation of computation and long distance communication with scale far exceeding the modern internet. It is a decentralized software platform with innovative distributed ledger technology that has a global network 100x bigger than Google. It stores, sends and receives value at lightning speeds through a global network of computers, called Nodes, running blockchain software. This network is incentivized to keep the network operational by earning digital cash to use for trade, buying or selling other digital and real world assets without the need of the modern banking system. Blockchain is the single most revolutionary technology that humanity has seen. It is seeding the internet’s long awaited upgrade. Nearly every Bank, Government and Big Business have high stakes in this technology with a focus of transitioning into the automated economy. It gives birth to business models never before imagined and unlocks the next generation of universal exploration and discovery.

Bitcoin is Blockchains first digital asset referred to as cryptocurrency. Its an innovative payment solution powered by blockchain technology. It acts as a peer to peer cash payment system and a storage of value with security built at its core. It was the first payment solution to solve the double-spend problem after the crash of 2008. Double-spending is the result of successfully spending some money more than once. Bitcoin, as seen on exchanges as (BTC) has a stock supply, generally called coins or tokens, of 21,000,000BTC which are divisible by 100M units per coin. Each unit is uniquely identifiable and programmable allowing users to assign custom properties to each unit. A unit can represent a USD, a share in a company, a KwH of energy, a digital certificate of ownership, 1,000 barrels of oil, loyalty credits or electoral votes. As of March 2017 each coin is worth $1,059 giving it a $17.2B market capitalization. Bitcoin leverages the blockchains open sourced codebase, referred to as an open API (application program interface) and created its own API allowing innovators to leverage its payment network for transacting and engineering new use cases.

Ethereum is a decentralized digital contracts system. It is the first planetary scale computer allowing applications to run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third party interference. It is the secure backbone for everything from e-commerce to IoT enabling transparent governing systems for communities and businesses.  It handles user authentication and securements, messaging and decentralized storage of data. Digital contracts are programmed rules that are enforced by Ethereums underlying core code which sits on top of the Blockchain and leverages portions of Bitcoins code. The programming is done on a feature called Mist which allows developers who are knowledgable in Java, C, Python. It has the 2nd largest market cap valued at $3.74B. It is the evolution of the worldwide web. 

Dash is easy to use digital cash for instant, private and secure transactions. Dash does this by leveraging several existing blockchain solutions such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Lightning Network which provides a faster way to transact. Dash automatically provides different sending and receiving address for every transaction all the while allowing each user to retain a private encrypted account authentication code that only they know. Dash’s premier technology Evolution make’s digital cash easy to use and access for all users, even those who aren’t technologically savvy. Anybody will be able to setup an account on the blockchain, add contacts and pay them by name. Purchases from websites or mobile apps will be simple, requiring only a single click. It is comparable to that of PayPal for blockchain. It enables the access of digital cash on any computer eliminating the need to store and access digital currency on one and only one device  
